# JobApply Tracker - Fullstack group exercise

---

Good morning ladies and gentlemen !

Hope you're fine and ready to tackle a big challenge today ! We are going to develop a full stack application that will give you a higher sense on the craft of a real web project.

---

**The GOAL :**

Because you'll be very soon confronted to an intensive job research, we are going to build **an app that will be a private place of yours to keep track of your job submissions**.

The basic part of the app is a dashboard that you'll be able to populate with the different jobs you applied to (or still want to apply) and quickly sort them to know the status of your job search.

[Here](https://www.figma.com/file/YvN4B49ELKS9eOKXA0deQA/JobApply-Tracker?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=dev) is the mockup for the app.

---

In this challenge, you'll be lead to implement :

- Frontend with html (ejs?), css(Sass) and js
- Server-routing configuration with Node-Express
- Database schemas and manipulation with MongoDB-Mongoose.
- User authentication with JWT
- CRUD operations
- Upload and retrieve images and pdf from external cdn source (Cloudinary).
- Sort results

Remarks :

- Coordinate yourself with your colleagues. This step is **CRUCIAL** to be successfull. (What should we do first ? Back, Front, Both ? How should be the db schema ? Which routes do we need ? etc.)
- The goal is to have an app that you can actually use in a few weeks. So don't hesitate to add/change/remove fields/categories and displays you judge fit.
- The structure is given, but don't hesitate to implement your design, colors, layout, etc.

If you want to go further :

- Make the user pay to use the app and implement the PayPal Sandbox API.

---

**DEADLINE** :
Friday **22 DECEMBER** at **09h00** am

On friday, we will present our work.

**REQUIREMENTS** :
You must find a way to deploy it. It **must** be online by the deadline time.

**GROUPS**

GROUP 1

- Colas
- Ismail
- Loukas

GROUP 2

- Jerome
- Maryna
- Benoit

GROUP 3

- Hugo
- Mateo
- Antonino

GROUP 4

- Naïké
- Julia
- Elodie

GROUP 5

- Quentin
- John
- Irina

GROUP 6

- Roméo
- Fabrice
- Sola

GROUP 7

- Eli
- Stijn
