# Sessions VS Tokens

---

There are traditionnaly two main ways of authenticate users on the web : `sessions` and `tokens`.

---

Imagine you're entering a secret club with a special membership card. In this analogy, the club represents a website or application, and the membership card represents your authentication.

**Session-based authentication** is like having a temporary pass that allows you to enter the club for a specific period.

When you log in, the club gives you a unique pass that identifies you and lets you access the club's facilities.

This pass is stored in your pocket (`like a cookie in your browser`) and is presented to the club guard (the website server) with each request you make. The guard checks your pass and lets you in **_if it's still valid_**. (it looks into the database if this session exists)

**Token-based authentication** is like having a permanent membership card that allows you to enter the club whenever you want. When you join the club, you receive a personalized membership card with your details encoded on it. You keep this card in your wallet (`like a token in your local storage or memory`), and whenever you want to enter the club, you simply show the card to the guard. The guard scans the card and verifies your membership status.

---

Not so clear ? I tried my best... :/

Go look for what `cookies`, `sessions` and `tokens` are and how they can help us verify if someone is an user, have access, etc.

Want some videos ?

Have a look to [this](https://youtu.be/UBUNrFtufWo?si=TWfJHQIxIC2ypSRB) video.

And, for more, at [this](https://youtu.be/hoBSjmrwF1k?si=27cD9qi7e8hOmC2G) one.

Longer one : [video](https://youtu.be/7Q17ubqLfaM?si=R0-mZwRBNoZ0dU8x)

But the best video I found is [this](https://youtu.be/2PPSXonhIck?si=B3YEOxSwICnn-6QE) one. It's longer (40min) but very clear and complete.

---

Authentication is not an easy matter. You'll have to stick to it to really understand how it works. Good luck young padawans !

Want a full and wonderful video about how to implement JWT in a Node/Express app ? [here](https://youtu.be/b9WlsQMGWMQ?si=QIFL1o0Wi7xY8i1N)

But... hey... You know what's coming next, don't you ? **NET NINJA!!!**

This [series](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PL4cUxeGkcC9iqqESP8335DA5cRFp8loyp&si=B61WvtLnKiL5r71r) is all you need in order to implement a proper api with JWT authentication.

---

If you follow these last two video and series and coded along, trying to understand what you're doing, you should be ready to our super group exercise.

We'll start thursday. So hurry!!!! ;)

(The group exercise briefing will be uploaded thursday)
