# Integrate Tailwind with React

---

Implementing Tailwind CSS in a React project involves a few straightforward steps. Here's a brief summary:

1. **Create a new React project:**

Start by creating a new React project using a tool like Create React App (CRA) or your preferred method.

```
npx create-react-app my-react-tailwind-app
cd my-react-tailwind-app
```

2. **Install Tailwind CSS:**

Install Tailwind CSS and its dependencies using npm

```
npm install tailwindcss
```

3. **Generate Tailwind CSS configuration:**

Create a default tailwind.config.js file using the following command:

```
npx tailwindcss init -p

```

This file (tailwind.config.js) will be used by the system to compile and filter the classes of Tailwind

4. **Configure your template paths**

Add the paths to all of your template files in your tailwind.config.js file.

```js
@type {import('tailwindcss').Config} */
module.exports = {
  content: ["./src/**/*.{js,jsx,ts,tsx}"],
  theme: {
    extend: {},
  },
  plugins: [],
};
```

In the `content` array, we are stipulating that al the files ending with `.js, .jsx, .ts` and `.tsx` in the folder `./src/` and its children will be watched to compile Tailwind.

5. **Create stylesheets:**

Create a stylesheet file (e.g., src/styles/tailwind.css) where you import Tailwind CSS.

```css
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

These lines will import to your css file all the classes from Tailwind.

6. **Import styles in your React app:**

Import the Tailwind CSS styles into your main React component or entry point.

```jsx
import React from "react";
import ReactDOM from "react-dom";
import "./styles/tailwind.css"; // Import Tailwind CSS styles
import App from "./App";

ReactDOM.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <App />
  </React.StrictMode>,
  document.getElementById("root")
);
```

---

These are annoying steps, but you'll only to do it once.
Now, you can use Tailwind in your whole React app.

**TIP**

Install `Tailwind CSS Intellisense` extension in your VSCode. This is awesome ! It gives you suggestions on all Tailwind classes and its CSS equivalent properties.

Now, go experiment and make a responsive little layout, changing colors, background colors, padding, margins, text size depending on the screen size. Make hovers as well.

Last but not least : refer to this cheat sheet to understand better the Tailwind classes : [Cheat Sheet](https://tailwindcomponents.com/cheatsheet/)
