# Project : Multi Step Form and sending emails with React Email and EmailJS

---

In this project we will create a multi step form. Multi step forms avoid us to have a huge monolithic form that scares the user and it's very popular (as you probably already know :P )

We will create a review form in your website.

**STEPS**

1. Identification

   - Ask for name and email of the user

2. Review

   - Put 4 icons with smileys ("unhappy", "could be better", "satisfied", "very statisfied") that can be selected. (radio buttons ?...)
   - A textarea to eventual comments (not required)

3. Send
   - Put a text summarizing the infos the user provided (his name, email, review and message)
   - Button with "send" cta.

When he clicks "send", send an actual email using the platform [EmailJs](https://www.emailjs.com/). You will have to register for the free account and link it to your email provider (like gmail for example). This will use your gmail account to send the emails with your form content.

- Create an email template in your EmailJS dashboard that recups the data from your form and send yourself an email like :

```
Hello Henrique,

You just received a review mail from Barack Obama (barack@usa.com)

His review was : unhappy

His message was : "This stop-smoking product doesn't work. I want to be refunded"
```

Notes :

- You should be able to navigate back and forward in your steps without losing the inputs the user already entered.
- Make it pretty with Tailwind.
- Don't go crazy with the emails you send, the free account only gives you 300 request per month.

Plus :

- Use Formik for the form and Yup for the validation.

Good luck, my friends !
